This repository contains all the code I wrote in the context of a research project about the neural underpinnings of meta-learning (see the abstract below for more details).

The directory "Simulations" contains the code I used to test whether the models I fitted on the behavioural data could be reliably differentiated from each other given the experimental design as well as the code I used to test whether the parameters of the model that fitted the behavioural data best could be reliably estimated given the experimental design.

The directory "Experiment" contains the code I used to collect behavioural data online as well as the code I used to collect behavioural and fMRI data at the university hospital.

The directory "Analyses" contains the code I used to analyse the behavioural data using hierarchical Bayesian model estimation as well as the code I used to analyse the fMRI data using representational similarity analyses.

Abstract:
Different situations may require radically different speeds for updating information (i.e., learning rates). Some demand fast learning rates, while others benefit from using slower ones. To adjust learning rates, people could rely on either global, meta-learned differences between environments, or faster but transient adaptations to locally experienced prediction errors. Here, we introduce a new paradigm that allows researchers to measure and disentangle both forms of adaptations. Participants performed a continuous estimation task – fishing for crabs – in short blocks of trials on six locations around an island, with different optimal (initial) learning rates for different locations (environments). Across two experiments, participants showed fast adaptations in learning rate within a block. Critically, however, over the time course of the experiment, participants also learned more global environment-specific learning rates, as evidenced by computational modelling and by the initial learning rates on the first trial when revisiting an environment. Using representational similarity analyses of fMRI data collected during Experiment 2, we also found that differences in voxel pattern responses in the central orbitofrontal cortex correlated with differences in these global environment-specific learning rates. Our findings show that humans adapt learning rates at both slow and fast time scales, and the central orbitofrontal cortex may represent learned environment-specific learning rates.
